Create Litmus-Leader.md (#2834)
litmuschaos/litmus: Litmus-Leader.md

# Litmus Leader Program
The Litmus Leader Program aims to identify community contributors & leaders in the Litmus community and reward them for their valuable contribution to Cloud-Native world by contributing to the LitmusChaos project.

> This program is the a Rewards and Recognitions campaign for the LitmusChaos project to award our most prominent contributors in various fields like development, advocacy, writing, content creation, etc. and be an example for others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program is a rewards and recognition campaign for the LitmusChaos project to award our most prominent contributors in various fields like development, advocacy, writing, content creation, etc.,
```

----------------------

## Leadway to Litmus Leader 💥:

> 1. Active Participation: We encourage you to be participative in feedback and attending our Monthly Community Meetups, GitHub LitmusChaos discussions, and on other handles as well (Twitter, LinkedIn, Slack, etc.)

Reviewer: Can we separate these points? Feedback on slack/github and attendance on community sync-ups is deemed enough for active project participation IMO. Participation on social media in more of advocacy.

> 2. Active Advocacy: Talk/blog about your work/contributions/experience at LitmusChaos openly on your social media handles. Bring in referrals to expand our network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Active Advocacy: Talk/blog about your work/contributions/experience at LitmusChaos openly on your social media handles. 
```

Advocacy is expected to organically cause adoption. Not sure if folks need to bring in referrals?

> 3. Active Leadership: Apply for the higher leadership roles that LitmusChaos has to offer and be responsible for leading a team.

Reviewer: 👍

> 4. Active Productiveness: No. of pull requests in a time period. Show excellence!

Reviewer: Could we add code reviews here as well?
